   our story takes place in a morden city, lots of people settle down here. Andrew is
a 20-year-old boy without going to university. Now he lives on sending takeaway.
Luckily, Martial arts novels is his favorite, which could offer him a fantasy 
world to escape briefly from his poor life. One day, when he was delivering,he saw 
two man using Kongfu fighting on the tree.

Curious, Andrew wandered over to the tree where the men were fighting. "What
are you guys doing up there?", he asked them. "We are merely honing our fighting
skills", one of them replied. "I hear you are a fan of kung fu yourself". "I
am", Andew replied. "How could you have possibly known that?". "We kung fu
masters know a lot of things", the man replied. "How about we take you with us
on our journey?".

Andrew quickly agreed to venture out with his new companions.  Every day was a new
trial.  The masters began to train him in the art of combat, first by strengthening
his body.  They would make him run 10 miles, do 1000 push-ups and 1000 sit-ups each day.

After years of training, Andrew's Kung Fu masters agreed he was finally ready to face
the trials. "We see great improvement in your kung fu skills, young Andrew. It is time
you meet the grandmaster of all martial arts!" Andrew couldn't tell if he was more
excited or nervous to take his kung fu test and become a real master, and couldn't
help asking his master's who would be examining his kung fu. When he entered the
training temple, he was greeted by a magnificent figure wearing majestic robes in a
deep bow. "Welcome young Andrew. I am master Jackie Chan. Let us now begin."

Andrew's first task was to break 1000 wooden boards with his bare hands. At first, he was
afraid. However, Andrew channeled all of his energy into his fist and broke the boards easily.
Jackie Chan was stunned, he had never seen someone do something with such ease. Then the next
task was to program Minecraft without the help of Google. Again Andrew pass the task with flying colors.
Clearly, all the masters were impressed. The last task was for Andrew to implement strictly, a 2-3 tree.
